From @angie :

The 2025 Math and AI 4 Girls competition for middle school girls is open! Enter for a chance to win up to $1,000 and free merchandise! You can access the competition portal at: https://xmathandai4girls.submittable.com/submit. See below for additional details!
 
Math and AI 4 Girls Competition 
Goal: 
The Math and AI Girls Competition aims to encourage young girls to develop an interest in math and AI by taking part in STEM competitions at an early age. This competition also aims to encourage long-term planning of academic and career goals in STEM. 
 
Eligibility: 
The competition is completely free, open to middle school female students (5-8th grade) 
Award recipients are selected based on their aptitude, activities and aspirations in STEM. 
 
Event dates: 
Applications open until April 26th 2025 (by 11:59pm EST) 
Winners announced on June 29th, 2025 during an online award ceremony 
 
Application requirements: 
Complete 13-question challenge problem set on math and computer science/AI related topics 
Complete 2 short essays 
 
Prizes: 
1st place: $1,000 Cash prize 
2nd place: $500 Cash prize 
3rd place: $300 Cash prize 
4th-10th: $100 Cash prize each
11th-20th: $50 Cash prize each
Top 50 contestants: Over $50 worth of gadgets and stationary from sponsors
 
Contact: 
mathandAI4girls@yahoo.com 
 
For more Information: 
https://www.mathandai4girls.org/math-and-ai-4-girls-competition 
 
Application Link: 
https://xmathandai4girls.submittable.com/submit


Many thanks to our sponsors and partners: Hewlett Packard Enterprise, Automation Anywhere, JP Morgan Chase, D.E. Shaw, MathCounts, and AI4ALL.
Math and AI 4 Girls Inc Submission Manager
Math and AI 4 Girls CompetitionClick Here to Apply!The Math and AI Girls Competition aims to encourage young girls to develop an interest in math and AI by participating in STEM competitions at an early age. This competition also encourages long-term planning of academic and career goals in STEM. The competition is open to middle school female s...
Math and AI 4 Girls
Math and AI 4 Girls
To foster and support a love of math, AI, STEM and sciences among middle and high school girls everywhere. It provides access to information and resources collected through a journey navigating the world of STEM. Specific information include math competitions, camps, games and gender research
Math and AI 4 Girls Inc Submission Manager
Math and AI 4 Girls CompetitionClick Here to Apply!The Math and AI Girls Competition aims to encourage young girls to develop an interest in math and AI by participating in STEM competitions at an early age. This competition also encourages long-term planning of academic and career goals in STEM. The competition is open to middle school female s...