Welcome to Hunter x Hunter!
These are a few rules you need to follow:

Chat Rules

1. Be Respectful
This means no mean, rude, or harassing messages. This includes being respectful to staff, members and dead people as well as to treat all owners with respect. Harassment and blackmail in chat as well as DMs will be punished.

2. No Inappropriate Language
Use of profanity should be kept to a reasonable minimum. Any derogatory language towards any user is prohibited. Swearing is permitted, as long as it's not too much and follows all rules.

3. No Spam
Do not send a lot of small messages consecutively. These disrupt chat and make it hard to read through the server. Please keep your messages in one sentence instead of splitting them up into many small messages. Textwalls are prohibited, unless they fit into the context of the conversation. Even then, they should not be too long. Keep it tweet-level (around 280 characters).
Trolls get instant-banned.

4. Pornographic, Adult & other NSFW Content
The idea behind the server is to provide a safe place for us to socialize, talk about our interests, share art, play bot-games and spend some time together. Do not share NSFW material outside the corresponding channels, this includes nudity, gore or sexual content in all forms, emotes and stickers too. These channels are age-locked.
Image
5. No Advertisements
Do not under any circumstance post links to other servers outside our network. They will be auto-deleted. Advertising your social media accounts or websites in your "About Me" is allowed, however, do not post these into the chats unless someone asked for it.

6. Usernames, PFPs or Banners
Keep your usernames and profile picture appropriate and according to the server rules. We will remove inappropriate usernames. Users with an inappropriate profile picture and / or banner will be removed from the server.

7. Alt Accounts & Server Raiding
We do not allow alt accounts in our server. If you're found with an alt account, both your main & alt account will be banned. Do not use alt accounts to circumvent punishments. If you're caught doing that, you will be banned and all temporary punishments will become permanent.
Server raiding is against the Discord terms of service. Any attempt to circumvent or bypass them can result in a permanent ban from us & discord itself.

8. Threats are forbidden
Threats are prohibited and disallowed completely, without exceptions.
This does not include Staff reminding you of the rules.

9. Politics and Religion
Do not go in-depth with talk about either subjects as it may offend someone or cause unnecessary drama, this also includes disrespecting others' beliefs. Not everyone has to be like you, so don’t be self-centered and keep it respectful.

10. Links / Files
Do not post any malicious links and files. They'll be auto-removed and if you're caught, you'll be banned.
11. No Pedophilia / Hate / Racism / Homophobia / Transphobia / Ableism / Misogyny / Sexism / etc
All slurs and variations of them are not tolerated. All forms of disrespect or discrimination, even if not listed above, are prohibited. No rape jokes, age jokes, shota/loli jokes, etc. No arguing about whether someone is a snowflake or not, leave people alone. Don't tell anybody to kill themselves, even jokingly. We will sanction you if we catch you.

12. No cancel culture
Don't cause drama in chat over political topics, and don't participate in cyber-bullying. Don't send screenshots about an individual in the server.

13. Scams
If we find you scamming in any way, we will ban you.

14. Don't talk about banned members.
If you have problems about a banned member then feel free to message a staff member.

Voice-Chat Rules

1. Private Voice-Channels
Do not join private voice-channels without permission of the people already in there. If you see that they have a free spot, it is alright to join and ask whether you're welcome to stay, but leave if your presence is not wanted by whoever was there first.

2. NSFW Content
Streaming NSFW Websites is prohibited and will result in a direct ban.
No NSFW in Public Voice-Chats as there could be minors in it.

3. General Behavior
No ear-damaging sounds.
No excessive toxicity.
Don't record any Voice-Chat unless you find a staff member breaking the rules.
Supreme Rule:
Follow the Discord Community Guidelines
You can find them here: https://discord.com/guidelines
The Discord Guidelines overrule everything. Failure to comply with the Guidelines will result in an instant-ban.

The Staff Team will Warn/Mute/Ban per discretion. If you feel mistreated or feel like your punishment is invalid, join the Appeal Server, and we will resolve the issue.
Don't argue with staff members or impersonate members.

Some Channels will have pinned messages explaining how everything works & other important information. If you don't understand something, feel free to ask or open a ⁠⛔┊support
All chargebacks for donation or other services will result in a ban.

Your presence in this server implies accepting these rules, including all further changes. These changes might be done at any time without notice, it is your responsibility to check them. Not having read the rules does not exempt you from following them. These rules are not to be interpreted how you like. There are no loopholes. Anyone claiming to not be breaking the rules due to it "not being in the rules" will receive an appropriate consequence. Jokes are not exempt from the rules. All owner decisions are final and are not open for discussion. Staff members will not void another staff members' decision without their consent.