No Discrimination:
Racism, sexism, or any form of discrimination will lead
to an immediate ban/warn. NSFW or other insults are forbidden!

No External Promotions:
Advertising services, servers, or products is strictly forbidden.
Indirect advertising is also prohibited. (Talking about your
product and thereby “attracting” others)

No Spamming:
Avoid repetitive messages, unnecessary tagging, or flooding
the chat.

Sensitive Topics:
Refrain from discussing politics, religion, or other polarizing
issues to maintain a harmonious environment.

Discord’s Official Guidelines:
Follow the Discord Community Guidelines!

Privacy Protection:
Do not share your or others personal information.

Support Request via DMs:
Don't ask any questions via DMs! It will end with a warn/ban.

Channel Description
Read trough the description, which should tell you any important
informations. If you get a problem, caused by not reading it, will
end with a warn.

System Backup
Always use the ⁠📥｜system-backup before applying any
tweaks from the server, to avoid any issues.

Warnings
After reaching 3 warnings, you’ll get banned.

Leaks / Exposes
Don't share any "leaks" on my server, I don't want to have any of
this content on my server. Share it on server made for it, not here.
Sharing real or fake leaks on my server about anyone could make
that person angry at my server because they were shared on my
server. Also, I have no desire to write to those “leaked” persons
with the reason that they accuse me of “leaking”. For real scams,
please open a ticket and show it to me! The sharing of
leaks could end in a warn or a instant ban.

Manual Services
No, I don’t do them. Also don’t ask "Can you do it just for me..." ;D

Everything else
There are enough things that may not be listed, but are self
explanatory. Can lead to a timeout/warning/ban if you take
advantage of it.

Server scripts
It's allowed to modify scripts to your own needs, which
got created by @Noxihu (Noverse), but never remove the
watermark and always give credits when sharing them!
I upload them open source and for free, not stealing them
should pure common sense ;D (If you're not a kiddie...)

Alt accounts
Trying to join with your alt account will get your main account
banned!

AI Bots
It is not allowed to ask the bot, to create tweaks, malicious stuff
and similar. Only ask him a specific questions, if you don't, you'll
get the @🔒｜AI Restricted, which can be removed, if you
accept your fault and won't do it again.

Examples:
:pepeno: Give me the best bios settings
The AI will list any random settings and isnt able to
list this much

:pepeyes: What should I set x to / what is x?
You may still want to do your own research, but the AI
is normally able to answer such questions correctly

:pepeno: Best tweaks for windows 11
What do you expect the AI to do? Create a 5000 line long batch?

:pepeyes: What does x do / is x correct?
Asking such questions will get you a accurate (hopefully)
answer and not any random (mostly not even existing) values

DM Support Requests
Remain unanswered, ask them on the server