Welcome, visitor, to the System76 Discord colony! Please read our rules in the #rules channel, and assign your roles in the #roles channel. We understand you humans may confuse the two, as their makeup produces a similar sound.

Once you have completed your acclimation, we recommend you explore our main attractions:
.
Listen to ⁠📣announcements for upcoming products, server events, alerts about rogue robots, and smooth jazz performances to distract you from the emptiness of space.

Check the mailroom for fancy invitations to non-fancy ⁠No Access. Black tie emojis are optional. Stamps are required for peak postal efficiency.

Monitor new arrivals from the monitoring room in the ⁠🎉joins channel. Monitoring new arrivals post-arrival may be deemed “creepy” by other local humans. Discussion is encouraged.

Report to the #general for conversations relevant to the #general. Note that the #general prefers not to waste time on irrelevant conversations, and will move your non- ⁠🏠general conversation to a more specific channel.

Over in the sunny ⁠🥸off-topic, our artificial beaches offer a place for memes to frolic to the sound of game and movie discussions.

The ⁠No Access shuttle bay houses all transport vehicles, and provides a forum to discuss the software which powers them.

The help center is a valuable resource for inhabitants to both provide and receive ⁠No Access, ⁠No Access, and ⁠No Access with setting up their Linux rigs. If you are studying seaweed, please make your way to the kelp center down the hall.

As you roam our bustling colony, be sure to stop by the gift shop to discuss the colony’s merchandise in ⁠No Access or ⁠No Access.

For visitors to experience our night life, watch many blue moons rise over desks in the ⁠No Access channel. 
:PartyOlivia: :PartyZoe: :PartyIrving: :Party5imon: 

Share and discover new intergalactic web services in ⁠🛈open-source-all-the-things. For dark web services, please trek carefully into the nearest black hole.

Feel free to explore all the channels this colony has to offer. Please do not feel free to feed the space geese, as their diet consists solely of human fingers, which we assume you have not yet evolved to regenerate. We are [emotion = happy] you have arrived!

If you, as a human with “feelings”, miss your family and friends back home, you may beam them up to this location using this link: https://s76.co/discord

If you wish to deem your rank amongst the common humans, use this link instead: https://s76.co/discord-leader 

Warning: Reviewing this link may reveal you as one of the many commoners, changing nothing about your ultimate role in the universe.

Enjoy your stay! 